Add breaking change on invalid sort (#212)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/index.adoc

  - `deprecatedOptionsArgument`
  - `directedArgument`

=== Removed some `@cypher` fields from the sort argument

> Removed the `@cypher` fields not usable as sort fields from the `sort` argument.
> 
> There were some circumstances where a `@cypher` field was incorrectly present in the `sort` argument, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `@cypher` field types have been removed from the `sort` argument because they are not usable as sort fields:
```

>   - `@cypher` fields with non nullable arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `@cypher` fields with non-nullable arguments.
```

>   - `@cypher` fields with non sortable type like `Node`, `List` etc ... .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `@cypher` fields with non-sortable type like `Node`, `List` etc.
```
